						  kindsgesicht
-------------------------------------------------- BACKGROUND --------------------------------------------------

Both his parents died in a lab accident when he was 3 years old and as a result he was raised by his grandfather who
was obsessed with defeating death itself. He called it the "final evolution". Because of his work the grandfather of
Eberhardt Kindsgesicht was not able to really take care of his grandchild so little Eberhardt was alone most of the
time, but he spend a lot of time watching the experiments and engineers in the laboratory of his grandfather.
Because his grandfather had not time, he tried to compensate time with materialistic things, so he bought his grandson
a lot of toys. Having no one to talk to Eberhardt felt alone all the time, questioned his value and was uncertain if
he would be any good in the world. The elitaristic world view of his grandparent didn't help those issues either, that
is why he he developed a growing love for body enhancing science, the concept of life and other technology that
allowed humans to trick the imperfection of nature and to surpass their faults and issues.
As Eberhardt learned more and more about engineering and wanted to try out his skills and creativity he
used the only materials he had. his toys.
At the age of 8 he started his first big engineering project and finished it when he was 16. It was called Luftschiff
Spielzeugparadies. It was a giant flying fortress built out of all the toys he ever recieved. After it was done he
revealed it to his grandfather who has not discovered it yet because the laboratory was just that big.
The response was very slim and as protest Eberhardt told his legal guardian he was fed up with his carelessness and
took off in his Luftschiff. That was also the exact moment his grandfather learned that the Object his grandson built
was able to fly. No one knows if he was impressed by this, but it didn't matter. They never saw each other again.

The following years Eberhardt Kindsgesicht struggled with psychological issues and didn't get much done. Most of the
time he flew around the globe trying to grasp the reality of his existance and tried to find a purpose.
He tried to enroll in many universities all over the world but everytime he encountered one of the many elitaristic
and arrogant people they reminded him of his grandfather and he left the university because he had promised himself to
never give an arrogant person control over his own life again.
Because he didn't boast about his giant engineering project to anyone and was really bad at working academically he
was regarded as under average in university and that increased his problems with himself. It took him a long time and
someone very special to change his life and views on the world.
One day, when he was 32 years old he met his best friend Jan at one of the universities, that opened up a whole new
perspective on the world for Eberhardt. It was the first time someone thought he was any good and admired his work in
a manner that was believable and justified. Jan himself was a very successful engineer and that gave Eberhardt
confidence that maybe academics could be something that can be more than just a high and mighty society.
Shortly after meeting Jan he finished university and was now known as Prof. Dr. Dr. Eberhardt. B. Kindsgesicht.

--------------------------------------------------  SUBQUEST  --------------------------------------------------

The Final Evolution
Over 18615 Meals

--------------------------------------------------    MISC    --------------------------------------------------

- CHAOTIC NEUTRAL
- 83 Years Old ( Birthday: October 22nd )
- NOT ROMANCABLE due to common sense
- dev char insert
