						  mother_roshi
-------------------------------------------------- BACKGROUND --------------------------------------------------

As a little girl she was found in the mountains of Nepal by two grandmasters training there. She couldn't speak and
was very traumatized in the beginning, but the two misters treated her like fathers and with much care and love, but
when she opened up she told them she couldn't recall anything that happened before the two found her.
After some time, seeing her two new parents training every day made her want to be able to fight too, but when they
tried to instruct her they found out that an genetic defect made her much less strong and much less resistant to
physical shock. That effectivly meant, she was unfit to fight in hand to hand combat.
Her fathers accepted this and tried to tell her that was not a problem at all and there would be more to life than
that, but for her, having only experienced hand to hand combat her entire life, her world was over. She thought she
could never do what she wanted.
That was until the day she first saw farmers working the fields with scythes. While her parents trained she watched
the farmers harvest the whole day. It was a revelation. An object, cutting down plants. Before, she thought the only
things that could cut something were knifes and hands. The movement of the blades and the way the farmers were
wielding the scythes seemed natural and hypnotized the little girl.
She began to think if she would be a good farmer. It was only logical, it was eather fighting or farming, those two
things existed in her little world. When she talked to her fathers about this, they told her that it was not
nessessary for her to work at the age of 9 and asked why she would want to be a farmer. So they found out about her
fascination with scythes.
To make her happy again one of the grandmasters went to the next village for the first time in decades just to aquire
a scythe for his little girl. She learned to move it without any strength and developed, together with her
grandmasters, a new martial art, so she could be able to fight regardless of her genetic defect.
Writing and perfecting these techniques took 37 years non-stop development.
After that the little girl not longer was little and was also pronounced a grandmaster herself by her parents. The
only grandmaster there was for the martial art that would later become famous as "the art of death". The initial name
though was "the art of yomi". Now having achieved something she recieved a name, roshi, because of her status as a
grandmaster but also her strength and durability being that of an elderly person. According to her masters, a name
should be a reference to ones strongest and weakest traits, preserving a stability inside so that neither arrogance
nor lack of trust in oneself would be a problem on the battlefield.
Now having a name and a path to teach she left the mountains of Nepal to find students and someone she could share her
knowledge with.

It was a wild world out there beyond all her imaginations. She had lived in a remote location for all her life and she
was now 46 years old already. People seemed to have abandoned the ways she was taught, she did not understand the
concept of money among many things and had no idea how a so vast amount of people could live on without purpose just
to serve a system that was only benefitting a small amount of people.
She was looking around for a long time if there would be someone accepting her teachings but no one had learned real
dedication to something, because it would not be beneficial in this new world.
While she was wandering around, trying to find a person to connect to 15 more years passed, then she met an orphan on 
the streets of russias community housing. The gangs there had led him into addiction and he now desperately worked for
the satisfaction of his needs.
Roshi felt bad for him and after talking to him she found out that he lived in an orphanage and his supervisor was a
certain "mother yaga", the supervisor of that orphanage herself. She saw an opportunity to use her abilities and help
someone that needed it much like her, when she was little and the two grandmasters took care of her like a daughter.
When she arrived at the orphanage she talked to mother yaga and they both found common ground very quickly. Both
seemed influenced by their pasts and willing to do anything to make the life better for all children. When the subject
of the drug smugglers came up and all the troubles mother yaga had with them, because they kept dragging her orphans
into addiction and criminality Yaga proposed a solution to that problem she had often thought about in private, but
had neither the conviction nor the means to execute. But when she learned that Roshi was proficient in martial Arts,
she saw her chance and told her new friend in a seemingly joking manner what she was fantasising about.
Her plan was basically to execute the heads of the gang that was giving those children so much trouble. But Roshi
refused, because she feared that the children of those gangbosses could suffer severely from this action and that was
all that mattered to her.

- then after that, meeting yomi and giving her, her name
- yomi is like a daughter, so she got the suffix "mother"
- yomi instructed "to do good for the world", meaning hunting down evils in her opinion
- after yomi left, recieved a talented orphan from yaga
- she instructed that orphan in the art of death
- called her oniko, so that the combination of her names would be onikoroshi, hunter of deamons.
- then they worked for yomi

--------------------------------------------------  RELCHARS  --------------------------------------------------

Grandmother Yaga
Onikochan
YOMI

--------------------------------------------------  SUBQUEST  --------------------------------------------------

The Final Evolution
Sisters in Spirit
The True Yomisama

--------------------------------------------------    MISC    --------------------------------------------------

- TRUE NEUTRAL
- over 104 Years Old ( Birthday: ??? )
- if Onikochan is killed in the initial boss phase instead of mother Roshi, the hidden death form will be triggered
- death form must be defeated to clear "The Final Evolution"
